msgid ""
msgid "Alt+"
msgid "Remap"
msgid "Fixed step drag"
msgid "Single sided scaling"
msgid "Reset current rotation to the value when open the rotation tool."
msgid "Cancel a feature until exit"
msgid "Please confirm explosion ratio = 1, and please select at least one object."
msgid " (Moving)"
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid "Face"
msgid " (Fixed)"
msgid ""
msgid "Warning: please select Plane's feature."
msgid "Warning: please select Point's or Circle's feature."
msgid "Warning: please select two different meshes."
msgid "Parallel"
msgid "Flip by Face 2"
msgid "Resources path does not exist or is not a directory: %s"
msgid "Remove paint-on fuzzy skin"
msgid "Access code:%s IP address:%s"
msgid "Failed to download the plug-in. Please check your firewall settings and vpn software, check and retry."
msgid "Failed to install the plug-in. Please check whether it is blocked or deleted by anti-virus software."
msgid ""
msgid "Both [Extrusion] and [Combined] modes of Fuzzy Skin require the Arachne Wall Generator to be enabled."
msgid ""
msgid "This parameter expects a valid template."
msgid "Invalid pattern. Use N, N#K, or a comma-separated list with optional #K per entry. Examples: 5, 5#2, 1,7,9, 5,9#2,18."
msgid "Pick"
msgid "number keys"
msgid "number keys can quickly change the color of objects"
msgid "Automatically switch between orthographic and perspective when changing from top/bottom/side views."
msgid "Cornering"
msgid "Input Shaping Frequency"
msgid "Input Shaping Damping/zeta factor"
msgid "Input Shaping"
msgid ""
msgid "No Storage"
msgid "The server is unable to respond. Please click the link below to check the server status."
msgid "If the server is in a fault state, you can temporarily use offline printing or local network printing."
msgid "How to use LAN only mode"
msgid "Tab"
msgid "The 3MF file you are importing may be incompatible, continuing could cause errors. Would you like to import the entire file or just the model data?"
msgid "This project was created with an OrcaSlicer 2.3.1-alpha and uses infill rotation template settings that may not work properly with your current infill pattern. This could result in weak support or print quality issues."
msgid "Would you like OrcaSlicer to automatically fix this by clearing the rotation template settings?"
msgid "INFO:"
msgid "No accelerations provided for calibration. Use default acceleration value "
msgid "No speeds provided for calibration. Use default optimal speed "
msgid "Swap pan and rotate mouse buttons"
msgid "If enabled, swaps the left and right mouse buttons pan and rotate functions."
msgid "Multiplies the orbit speed for finer or coarser camera movement."
msgid "Show the step mesh parameter setting dialog."
msgid "If enabled,a parameter settings dialog will appear during STEP file import."
msgid "Ask When Relevant"
msgid "Always Ask"
msgid "Load Behaviour"
msgid "Should printer/filament/process settings be loaded when opening a .3mf?"
msgid "Add model files (stl/step) to recent file list."
msgid "Enabling both precise Z height and the prime tower may cause the size of prime tower to increase. Do you still want to enable?"
msgid "Infill patterns are typically designed to handle rotation automatically to ensure proper printing and achieve their intended effects (e.g., Gyroid, Cubic). Rotating the current sparse infill pattern may lead to insufficient support. Please proceed with caution and thoroughly check for any potential printing issues.Are you sure you want to enable this option?"
msgid "A copy of the current system preset will be created, which will be detached from the system preset."
msgid "The current custom preset will be detached from the parent system preset."
msgid "Modifications to the current profile will be saved."
msgid ""
msgid "This is a default preset."
msgid "Current preset is inherited from"
msgid "It can't be deleted or modified."
msgid "Any modifications should be saved as a new preset inherited from this one."
msgid "To do that please specify a new name for the preset."
msgid "Cool Plate (SuperTack)"
msgid "Dependencies"
msgid "Resonance Avoidance Speed"
msgid "Z-Hop"
msgid "For constant flow rate, hold %1% while dragging."
msgid "Air Pump"
msgid "Laser 10 W"
msgid "Laser 40 W"
msgid "One or more object were assigned an extruder that the printer does not have."
msgid "Printing with multiple extruders of differing nozzle diameters. If support is to be printed with the current filament (support_filament == 0 or support_interface_filament == 0), all nozzles have to be of the same diameter."
msgid "The precise wall option will be ignored for outer-inner or inner-outer-inner wall sequences."
msgid "Setting the number of printheads on the OrangeStorm Giga printer quickly configures all related settings."
msgid "Default bed type for the printer (supports both numeric and string format)."
msgid "Enable this option to allow adjustment of the part cooling fan speed for specifically for overhangs, internal and external bridges. Setting the fan speed specifically for these features can improve overall print quality and reduce warping."
msgid "Overhangs and external bridges fan speed"
msgid ""
msgid "When the overhang exceeds this specified threshold, force the cooling fan to run at the 'Overhang Fan Speed' set below. This threshold is expressed as a percentage, indicating the portion of each line's width that is unsupported by the layer beneath it. Setting this value to 0% forces the cooling fan to run for all outer walls, regardless of the overhang degree."
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid "A boolean expression using the configuration values of an active printer profile. If this expression evaluates to true, this profile is considered compatible with the active printer profile."
msgid "A boolean expression using the configuration values of an active print profile. If this expression evaluates to true, this profile is considered compatible with the active print profile."
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid "Aligns infill and surface fill directions to follow the model's orientation on the build plate. When enabled, fill directions rotate with the model to maintain optimal strength characteristics."
msgid "Insert solid infill at specific layers. Use N to insert every Nth layer, N#K to insert K consecutive solid layers every N layers (K is optional, e.g. '5#' equals '5#1'), or a comma-separated list (e.g. 1,7,9) to insert at explicit layers. Layers are 1-based."
msgid "Using multiple lines for the infill pattern, if supported by infill pattern."
msgid "Zig Zag"
msgid "Locked Zag"
msgid "TPMS-D"
msgid "TPMS-FK"
msgid "The angle of the first set of Lateral lattice elements in the Z direction. Zero is vertical."
msgid "The angle of the second set of Lateral lattice elements in the Z direction. Zero is vertical."
msgid "The angle of the infill angled lines. 60° will result in a pure honeycomb."
msgid "Marlin Firmware Junction Deviation (replaces the traditional XY Jerk setting)."
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid "Perlin"
msgid "Ridged Multifractal"
msgid "Voronoi"
msgid "The base size of the coherent noise features, in mm. Higher values will result in larger features."
msgid "The number of octaves of coherent noise to use. Higher values increase the detail of the noise, but also increase computation time."
msgid "The decay rate for higher octaves of the coherent noise. Lower values will result in smoother noise."
msgid "Infill shift step"
msgid "This parameter adds a slight displacement to each layer of infill to create a cross texture."
msgid "Rotate the sparse infill direction per layer using a template of angles. Enter comma-separated degrees (e.g., '0,30,60,90'). Angles are applied in order by layer and repeat when the list ends. Advanced syntax is supported: '+5' rotates +5° every layer; '+5#5' rotates +5° every 5 layers. See the Wiki for details. When a template is set, the standard infill direction setting is ignored. Note: some infill patterns (e.g., Gyroid) control rotation themselves; use with care."
msgid "This parameter adds a rotation of solid infill direction to each layer according to the specified template. The template is a comma-separated list of angles in degrees, e.g. '0,90'. The first angle is applied to the first layer, the second angle to the second layer, and so on. If there are more layers than angles, the angles will be repeated. Note that not all solid infill patterns support rotation."
msgid "The remaining part of the model contour after removing a certain depth from the surface is called the skeleton. This parameter is used to adjust the density of this section. When two regions have the same sparse infill settings but different skeleton densities, their skeleton areas will develop overlapping sections. Default is as same as infill density."
msgid "The portion of the model's outer surface within a certain depth range is called the skin. This parameter is used to adjust the density of this section. When two regions have the same sparse infill settings but different skin densities, this area will not be split into two separate regions. Default is as same as infill density."
msgid "The parameter sets the depth of skin."
msgid "The parameter sets the overlapping depth between the interior and skin."
msgid "Adjust the line width of the selected skin paths."
msgid "Adjust the line width of the selected skeleton paths."
msgid "Symmetric infill Y axis"
msgid "If the model has two parts that are symmetric about the Y axis, and you want these parts to have symmetric textures, please click this option on one of the parts."
msgid "The distance to keep from the edges. A value of 0 sets this to half of the nozzle diameter."
msgid "Maximum junction deviation (M205 J, only apply if JD > 0 for Marlin Firmware)"
msgid ""
msgid "Maximum speed of resonance avoidance."
msgid "Apply only on external features"
msgid "Applies extrusion rate smoothing only on external perimeters and overhangs. This can help reduce artefacts due to sharp speed transitions on externally visible overhangs without impacting the print speed of features that will not be visible to the user."
msgid "Limits the skirt/draft shield loops to one wall after the first layer. This is useful, on occasion, to conserve filament but may cause the draft shield/skirt to warp / crack."
msgid "Sets the starting flow ratio while transitioning from the last bottom layer to the spiral. Normally the spiral transition scales the flow ratio from 0% to 100% during the first loop which can in some cases lead to under extrusion at the start of the spiral."
msgid "Sets the finishing flow ratio while ending the spiral. Normally the spiral transition scales the flow ratio from 100% to 0% during the last loop which can in some cases lead to under extrusion at the end of the spiral."
msgid "Auto-generate Tool Change Command"
msgid "Enable this option to automatically generate the tool change (Tn) command in the G-code when switching extruders/tools."
msgid "If threshold angle is zero, support will be generated for overhangs whose overlap is below the threshold. The smaller this value is, the steeper the overhang that can be printed without support."
msgid "Density of top surface layer. A value of 100% creates a fully solid, smooth top layer. Reducing this value results in a textured top surface, according to the chosen top surface pattern. A value of 0% will result in only the walls on the top layer being created. Intended for aesthetic or functional purposes, not to fix issues such as over-extrusion."
msgid ""
msgid ""
msgid "Positive values can increase the size of the rib wall, while negative values can reduce the size.However, the size of the rib wall can not be smaller than that determined by the cleaning volume."
msgid "The wall of prime tower will fillet."
msgid "Export slicing data to a folder."
msgid "Load cached slicing data from directory."
msgid "Slice the plates: 0-all plates, i-plate i, others-invalid"
msgid "Show command help."
msgid "UpToDate"
msgid "Update the configs values of 3mf to latest."
msgid "downward machines check"
msgid "Load first filament as default for those not loaded."
msgid "mtcpp"
msgid "mstpp"
msgid "max slicing time per plate in seconds."
msgid "Output Model Info"
msgid "Send progress to pipe."
msgid "Repetition count of the whole model."
msgid "Arrange the supplied models in a plate and merge them in a single model in order to perform actions once."
msgid "Scale the model by a float factor."
msgid "Load process/machine settings from the specified file."
msgid "Load filament settings from the specified file list."
msgid "Load uptodate process/machine settings when using uptodate"
msgid "Load uptodate process/machine settings from the specified file when using uptodate."
msgid "Load uptodate filament settings when using uptodate"
msgid "Load uptodate filament settings from the specified file when using uptodate."
msgid "If enabled, check whether current machine downward compatible with the machines in the list."
msgid "The machine settings list needs to do downward checking."
msgid "Load assemble object list from config file."
msgid "Output directory for the exported files."
msgid "Sets debug logging level. 0:fatal, 1:error, 2:warning, 3:info, 4:debug, 5:trace\n"
msgid "If enabled, this slicing will be considered using timelapse."
msgid "If enabled, Arrange will allow multiple colors on one plate."
msgid "If enabled, Arrange will allow rotation when placing objects."
msgid "If enabled, Arrange will avoid extrusion calibrate region when placing objects."
msgid "Skip the modified G-code in 3mf from Printer or filament Presets."
msgid "MakerLab name to generate this 3mf."
msgid "MakerLab version to generate this 3mf."
msgid "metadata name list"
msgid "metadata name list added into 3mf."
msgid "metadata value list"
msgid "metadata value list added into 3mf."
msgid "Allow 3mf with newer version to be sliced"
msgid "Allow 3mf with newer version to be sliced."
msgid "Comma-separated list of printing accelerations"
msgid "Comma-separated list of printing speeds"
msgid "Input shaping Frequency test"
msgid "Damp: "
msgid ""
msgid "Input shaping Damp test"
msgid "Damp"
msgid "Note: Use previously calculated frequencies."
msgid "Junction Deviation test"
msgid "End junction deviation: "
msgid "Note: Lower values = sharper corners but slower speeds"
msgid "NOTE: High values may cause Layer shift"
msgid "BigTraffic"
msgid "Adjust head diameter"
msgid "Warning: The brim type is not set to \"painted\", the brim ears will not take effect!"
msgid "Please confirm explosion ratio = 1 and select at least two volumes."
msgid "(Moving)"
msgid "Point and point assembly"
msgid ""
msgid "Face and face assembly"
msgid "An unknown error occurred. Please try again later."
msgid "Missing bed leveling data. Please level the bed."
msgid "Invalid PIN: Please check the printer's region matches your account region, or check that the PIN was entered correctly."
msgid "Printer network error. Please try again later or restart the printer."
msgid "Invalid printer data received. Please try again later or restart the printer."
msgid "Printer already exists, please check."
msgid "Unmapped filament detected, printing cannot be started."
msgid "Server error. Please try again later."
msgid "Too many requests. Please try again later."
msgid "Forbidden access. Please try again later."
msgid "Insufficient memory. Please try again later."
msgid "Operation failed. Please check if multiple clients are open and continue on the main client."
msgid "The file is too large to upload. Please try another way to start the transfer or print."
